but a bump on a bum bada ba ba ba ba ba
ba ba Jimmy Kimmel Live it's all on me
Karan amigos happy formal Friday to you
I'm Jimmy I'm coming to you full force
from the Kimmel family preschool /
safehouse / frozen - prison camp as you
can see I am
hashtag dressed my wife Molly came up
with an idea for formal Friday we did it
last week and so we're doing again the
idea is you and your loved ones get all
dressed up even though you're not going
anywhere and if you think that sounds
depressing now just wait until Halloween
we do this for no reason other than to
pretend we are humans rather than
parrots living in a cage so if you have
a tux take it out put it out you know
what there's never been a better time to
learn how to tie a bowtie
many people participated in form Friday
last week and posted photos online for
us to enjoy together here is Amanda
Whitney Mikey a guy named Swiss chef's
Laura made a romantic Italian dinner for
a formal Friday date night challenge
which is something she made up even my
cousin Sal and his wife Melissa
participated there they are
as did Carvey Jason and Sonu Lucent and
this is good a woman being the Col got
very creative with her formal wear she
made it out of our most precious natural
resource toilet paper Nicole don't wear
that outside the house you could get
mugged look at this even babies and cats
are doing formal Friday that is
wonderful we got videos too in fact here
are just a few of the many formal Friday
videos we received hi Jimmy happy from a
Friday before more Friday we have
prepared you a dinner over here with us
happy farmer Frank
[Music]
happy former Friday keep them coming
post your fancy photos hashtag formal
Friday we'll take a look at them maybe
we'll show them many of you have been
asking me how Guillermo is by the way so
I thought it would be good to put
everyone's minds at ease he is at home
and let's check in with him right now if
we can here we go look how nice you look
you're all dressed up like you're going
to church for formal Friday yeah if I'm
afraid it did you tie that tie yourself
yeah I didn't he lifts everyone right no
that's pretty good
the collars a little sloppy but the the
tie looks good it's hard because I'm I'm
ah I'm a little bit overweight so I came
my latter it's always hard I disagree I
think you are the absolute perfect
weight you know what if you gained 20
pounds out when we come back to work
this is all gonna have been worth it
oh are you exercising are you staying in
the house yeah we're staying in the
house yes
are you going to the store every day
like you were last week when I checked
in no I'm not going on a story anymore
good wait what happened what changed
your mind
boy the news you and and everything I
want to stay save you know like but for
the family everything yes I want you
like a veal just in a little box at all
times where nothing can hurt you now is
the whole family participating in formal
Friday is your son Benjy dressed up for
this yeah yeah actually he is do you
want to talk to him I would like to talk
to him yeah let's see this is gear most
son Benjy who's eight years old a Benjy
how are you good good how you enjoying
being at home all the time I love it you
love it huh kids love this right yeah
are you doing schoolwork on the computer
well
sort of Sorna sort of is your dad
helping you with your your homework and
with learning now mom
mom is helping yeah that's that sounds
right
smell your dad's breath does it smell
like tequila yes a little bit yeah okay
all right so you're enjoying this you
like this you hope it goes on for a long
time I think I'm gonna go on for three
months you think three months yeah yeah
all right all right well I hope it
shorter than that but I'm glad you're
having fun and I'm glad your dad is
having fun you guys playing catch or
anything getting out getting any
exercise yeah we're doing some okay I
hope that your mustache hasn't grown in
by the next time I see you Benji okay
okay
all right guys stay safe stay inside all
right all right Thank You Jimmy
take care bye Benji I you know being
cooped up in the house with children
isn't easy but there are a lot of things
that you could do to avoid going crazy
you could crime from the kids you could
panic by ramen on Amazon or you could go
through 500 emails from major
corporations letting you know that
they're washing their hands now long
emails thousands of words the email I
got from CBS was longer than one of
their receipts and listen I get it but I
don't need 12 paragraphs from budget
rent-a-car to let me know they're wiping
down the steering wheels in their
Hyundai Elantra I have received more
coronavirus emails from Petco than the
CDC the one for McDonald's is good look
at this they say your health and safety
are our top priority now can I get you a
double quarter-pounder with cheese extra
bacon strangely the only cover that has
not sent me an e-mail is Charmin the
toilet paper people if I was the CEO of
Charmin I'd send an email every day that
says keep on hoarding you maniacs we hit
the friggin jackpot buy it up and if you
need me too bad I'll be
my island in the Bahamas wiping my ass
with hundred-dollar bills okay it's good
time for some old-fashioned star power
now so let's go live to the only man in
lockdown who still has a deep ginger
bronze tan he is live from someplace it
is Canadian television celebrity Will
Arnett or maybe not well
well seems to be missing I don't know
what's going on here but we the boat
well Bojack at least you have a mask you
have any idea how inconvenient this
pandemic is for me I'm so sorry it's
tough I wanted to do how long have you
been wearing that mask since March I
finally wanted to reveal who is you know
the guys behind the mask thank you for
revealing that to us what's going to be
my guess is a garage Jimmy or maybe it's
the place I get in great shape
anyway are you running your own laugh
track there
oh yeah Jimmy that's something I've got
access to anyway oh man we're having a
blast here will you wipe that down and
mail it to me please
I know it seems like it's the person I
my music it's not how I see I got it
it's a bit it's a bit Jimmy this thing
is well-worn yeah yeah well I can see
that sure I get on this for a little bit
and this just gets my you know just get
to be pumping offset into something
crazy let me see what we got here I
think just get some real good good stuff
my camera Swain or a little bit of a
breeze here the garage I hope you're
doing well you look great obviously got
a real quick real fast you know well you
know well they they push back at the
Olympics so you got another year to get
ready if you want to compete do you
think like the like what like just like
the Canadian run run squad or what today
yeah they have a run squad right you
still see me did you it's a it looks
like you made that bench I'm living
pretty close to the bone over here Jim
you checked out the news recently
Hollywood Jim's okay over here
well whatever you're doing it's working
are you getting out I'm worried about
your tan are you getting outdoors and
a bomb saying that gee what an
incredible question that is I'm going to
show you something I've also got as part
of my routine regulation okay I can't
can you see it over there you can see
want to point out regulation height okay
regulation size ball it a little bit if
you want to get a slight unfair
advantage you're pretty incredible see
you almost you know I think if you're
wearing socks
it would probably you probably get way
up above the backboard yeah what's with
really good luck you know we're pretty
close yeah that was a vote that would
have been unbelievable actually we'll go
back and we'll do some graphics work on
that it'll look like you just saw us I'd
be amazing I'm heaven you know I'm doing
my best here Jim this is a little
humming a little break physical activity
um nah we're homeschooling the kids oh
how is that going you got two boys there
are there are you homeschool iam are you
basically opening the laptop so they can
be schooled over the computer
yeah I gotta plug it in I got it
I gotta you know and these are the these
are the things there's no manual for
life Jimmy yeah it's not something your
parents had to do right I mean my my kid
I tell you something this true story to
come a little while ago I pick my kids
up from school I pick me up at the
carpool lane
because whatever and so we're driving
home and my one of my son says you know
so-and-so his mom she always comes in
the school to pick them up she doesn't
do the carpooling
I pulled over I was so furious I pulled
over and I turn around and I go hey when
I was a kid
granddad my dad he didn't even know
where my school was my school is cuz he
took a wrong turn okay why are your
parents are you checking are they up in
Canada right now um they are yeah
they're up in Canada I kind of gave a
good talking to
oh good good yeah cuz I was like you
know that at first a couple weeks ago
they were being they were being very
safe but I was just like hey you can't
go outside you're of a certain age you
gotta and which is great obviously the
irony was the last of my dad that the
idiot who caused him so much anguish
what there's a teenager is telling him
what to do
yeah maybe that's the root of this maybe
this is some kind of weird revenge
they're punishing torturing us by not
really listening to what I mean
it is interesting a lot of parents I
think think they're following the rules
and then you go through their day and
realize oh you are in no way following
the rules it's unbelievable and they you
think that they would be because their
parents you think that they'd be much
more adhered to the rule you have a
sponsorship deal with coke now coke man
that's refreshing no I don't Jim you
know oh yeah ultimate this is the
ultimate Drake for recouping you know
for the COO pretty muscle groups well
you look great I'm glad you're you're
entertaining yourself and I you know as
I said I wanted to check in with the N
see how everything's going it looks like
things are going pretty well
these are going great Jimmy great to see
you too listen give me a shot text me if
you want I'll Drive by and I know rifle
a roll of TP over your your your gate if
you need it you know let me know
appreciate that
and that just one more thing that home
you're in right now that's a
prefabricate that's one of those houses
that goes up in like like 24 hours right
heads will arnett thank you
[Music]
all right we're gonna close things out
tonight with a glass of wine maybe even
the bottle of wine this is my wife Molly
hi Billy our sons taking a nap our
daughter's watching something on TV
tonight we've selected a bottle of
barefoot wine because
barefoot wine believes in bringing
communities together and to celebrate
formal Friday they made a donation to a
great charity called cor cor a that's
children of restaurant employees which
is helping food and beverage workers who
have kids through this very difficult
time
sober provide donate three hundred
thousand dollars to core to be a part of
this and we encourage you to do the same
go to core Gibbs org to learn more about
what they do and when you enjoy a safe
and socially distant virtual happy hour
tag barefoot wine to help promote core
even more they would appreciate it and
we like to give a toast to them and to
you and to here's to getting the hell
out of this house Monday night will be
back on TV but still from the house
thank you for joining us so glad you did
otherwise I'd just be a crazy Perkin
person talking to no one or a firkin I
don't know have a short weekend
everybody